#labels Phase-Implementation
THE oculus_settings.txt CONFIG FILE

The oculus_settings.txt file is located under /Oculus/conf/, and contains all settings pertaining to Oculus. This file is generally maintained by the application but a few advanced settings are changed manually. It is split into 3 sections: 'GUI Settings,' 'Manual Settings,' and 'User List.'
GUI settings are set within the application itself, as is the user list. Each line represents a single value, with the setting name, followed by a space, then the value. 
If the file is deleted, or 'restore factory settings' is selected from initialize.html, it is re-generated with default values, on application restart.
<br>

GUI SETTINGS

*skipsetup* _yes | no_
  indicates whether the server application starts by launching initialize.html, or server.html. After initial setup, typically server.html is always launched

*speedslow* _{INT}_
  (0-255) PWM value used by ArduinOculus to drive the wheel motors at slow speed

*speedmed* _{INT}_
  (0-255) PWM value used by ArduinOculus to drive the wheel motors at medium speed. (speedfast is always 255)

*steeringcomp* _{INT}_
  (0-255) used to set wheel motors steering compensation, 128 is no compensation

*camservohoriz* _{INT}_
  (0-255) mirror tilt servo position at horizontal

*camposmax* _{INT}_
  _(0-255) maximum mirror tilt servo position_

*camposmin* _{INT}_
  _(0-255) minimum mirror tilt servo position_

*nudgedelay* _{INT}_
  time in milliseconds for wheel motors nudge move

*docktarget* _{STRING}_
  dock calibration proportions/metrics

*vidctroffset* _{INT}_
  manual dock line offset from center, in pixels

*vlow* _{INT}_
  low video settings width, height, fps, and bandwidth(0-100) 

*vmed* _{INT}_
  medium video settings width, height, fps, and bandwidth(0-100) 

*vhigh* _{INT}_
  high video settings width, height, fps, and bandwidth(0-100) 

*vfull* _{INT}_
  full video settings width, height, fps, and bandwidth(0-100) 

*vcustom* _{INT}_
  custom video settings width, height, fps, and bandwidth(0-100) 

*vset* _{STRING}_
  current video setting

*maxclicknudgedelay* _{INT}_
  Clicksteer time in milliseconds for wheels to shift video image horizontally from the center to the very left or right edge of the screen

*clicknudgemomentummult* _{DOUBLE}_
  Momentum multiplier affecting horizontal clicksteer accuracy

*maxclickcam* _{INT}_
  vertical (mirror tilt) clicksteer setting 

*muteonrovmove* _true | false_
  mutes robot mic on wheel motor movement

*videoscale* _{INT}_
  scale of web browser client video

*volume* _{INT}_
  (percent) system volume

*holdservo* _true | false_
  mirror tilt servo power brakes

*loginnotify* _true | false_
  controls voice synthesizer announcement of user login

*reboot* _true | false_
  set to reboot laptop every 48 hours (Windows only)

*selfmicpushtotalk* _true | false_
  enable/disable push 'T' to un-mute self mic in web browser client
<br>

MANUAL SETTINGS

*email_smtp_server* {STRING}
  SMTP server for outgoing email. 'Disabled' if unused

*email_smtp_port* {STRING}
  SMTP server port for outgoing email

*email_username* {STRING}
  username if SMTP server for outgoing email requires authorization. 'Disabled' if unused

*email_password* {STRING}
  password if SMTP server for outgoing email requires authorization. 'Disabled' if unused. WARNING: PLAIN TEXT

*email_from_address* {STRING}
  return email address for outgoing email. 'Disabled' if unused

*developer* _true | false_
  enable (alpha) developer features

*debugenabled* _true | false_
  enable verbose logging

*commandport* {INT}
  TCP port for socket client connection. 'Disabled' if unused

*stopdelay* {INT}
  time in milliseconds for wheels to come to full stop from max speed

*vself* {INT}
  web browser client self video settings width, height, fps, and bandwidth(0-100) 

*arduinoculus* {STRING}
  ArduinOculus microcontroller serial port. Set to 'discovery' for auto-detection, 'disabled,' or port name

*oculed* {STRING}
  OcuLED Lights serial port. Set to 'discovery' for auto-detection, 'disabled,' or port name
<br>

USER LIST

*salt* {STRING}
  randomly generated key used in password encryption

*user0* {STRING}
  admin username

*pass0* {STRING}
  admin password, encrypted

*user1..2..3..* {STRING}
  additional usernames (non admin)

*pass1..2..3..* {STRING}
  additional passwords, encrypted (non admin)